Add section on IE mode automation (#1336)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/ie-mode/index.md

IE mode remains unavailable until you completely close and restart Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\).  

## Automating IE mode

> If you have an existing application that uses the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object to automate Internet Explorer 11, your application will not work if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) does not support automating IE mode through the InternetExplorer object, so applications that rely on this object will need to be updated using one of the recommended alternatives below.  Applications that use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control will continue to work and will not be affected by the removal of the Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer: The final "the" of the paragraph should either be removed or "Desktop Application" should follow the 11.

Reviewer: We can also probably drop all of the **(Chromium)** references in this section. (Soon we should remove them from the whole doc.)

Author: Fixed the typo. I'm leaving the (Chromium) references as-is for now since that's currently used throughout the documentation.

IE mode remains unavailable until you completely close and restart Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\).  

> ## Updating IE Automation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Replacing IE Automation
```

I still like using "Replacing" over "Updating" but up to you

> ## Replacing Internet Explorer automation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Replacing Internet Explorer automation
```

> If you have an existing application that uses the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object to automate Internet Explorer 11, your application will not work if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) does not support automating IE mode through the InternetExplorer object, so applications that rely on this object will need to be updated using one of the recommended alternatives below.  Applications that use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control will continue to work and will not be affected by the removal of Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have an existing application that uses the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object to automate Internet Explorer 11, your application will not work if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  Internet Explorer 11 will be retired on June 15, 2022. For more information, navigate to [The future of Internet Explorer on Windows 10 is in Microsoft Edge](https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2021/05/19/the-future-of-internet-explorer-on-windows-10-is-in-microsoft-edge/).  Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) does not support automating IE mode through the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object, so applications that rely on this object will need to be updated using one of the recommended alternatives below.  Applications that use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control will continue to work and will not be affected by the removal of Internet Explorer 11.
```

> If you have an existing application that uses the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object to automate Internet Explorer 11, your application will not work if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  Internet Explorer 11 will be retired on June 15, 2022. For more information, navigate to [The future of Internet Explorer on Windows 10 is in Microsoft Edge](https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2021/05/19/the-future-of-internet-explorer-on-windows-10-is-in-microsoft-edge/).  Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) does not support automating IE mode through the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object, so applications that rely on this object will need to be updated using one of the recommended alternatives below.  Applications that use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control will continue to work and will not be affected by the removal of Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have an existing application that uses the [InternetExplorer][InternetExplorerObject] object to automate Internet Explorer 11, but the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application isn't available, your application won't work.  Internet Explorer 11 will be retired on June 15, 2022.  For more information, navigate to [The future of Internet Explorer on Windows 10 is in Microsoft Edge][BlogsWindowsExperienceFutureOfIEEdge].  Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) doesn't support automating IE mode through the `InternetExplorer` object, so applications that rely on this object will need to be updated using one of the recommended alternatives below.  Applications that use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control will continue to work and won't be affected by the removal of Internet Explorer 11.
```
Please test the reformatted link after the doc build, "The future of Internet Explorer on Windows 10 is in Microsoft Edge".  https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/ie-mode/?branch=pr-en-us-1336#replacing-ie-automation

Author: The reformatted link works.

> If your automation application does not require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly, we recommend updating your application to use Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) instead of Internet Explorer 11.  Many available automation tools support Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\), including WebDriver and Playwright.  To learn more about automating Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) using WebDriver, navigate to [WebDriver overview][WebDriverIndex].  To learn more about using Playwright, navigate to [Playwright overview][PlaywrightIndex].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your automation application doesn't require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly, we recommend updating your application to use Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) instead of Internet Explorer 11.  Many available automation tools support Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\), including WebDriver and Playwright.  To learn more about automating Microsoft Edge \(Chromium\) using WebDriver, navigate to [WebDriver overview][WebDriverIndex].  To learn more about using Playwright, navigate to [Playwright overview][PlaywrightIndex].
```

> Applications that require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly should use the WebBrowser control.  The WebBrowser control uses the Internet Explorer Platform (MSHTML/Trident) to render web content, and will work even if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Applications that require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly should use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control.  The [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control uses the Internet Explorer platform (MSHTML/Trident) to render web content, and will work even if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  
```

> Applications that require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly should use the [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control.  The [WebBrowser][WebBrowserControl] control uses the Internet Explorer platform (MSHTML/Trident) to render web content, and will work even if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application is not available.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Applications that require IE mode for the website \(or app\) content to function correctly should use the `WebBrowser` control.  The `WebBrowser` control uses the Internet Explorer platform (MSHTML/Trident) to render web content, and will work even if the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application isn't available.
```
Converted dup Ref links (within the section) to backticks to prevent automatically becoming plain text.

## Getting in touch with the Microsoft Edge DevTools team  

[!INCLUDE [contact DevTools team note](../includes/contact-devtools-team-note.md)]  

<!-- links -->  

[PlaywrightIndex]: ../../playwright/index.md "Playwright - Microsoft Edge Development | Microsoft Docs"

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[BlogsWindowsExperienceFutureOfIEEdge]: https://blogs.windows.com/windowsexperience/2021/05/19/the-future-of-internet-explorer-on-windows-10-is-in-microsoft-edge/ "The future of Internet Explorer on Windows 10 is in Microsoft Edge | Windows Experience blog"
```
